welcome to the men of recaps this is the
hundred season six remember at the end
of last season our crew narrowly escaped
yet another nuclear apocalypse they were
gonna wait it out in space this time
with cryosleep chambers so it would go
by real quick but the earth never
recovered there's only so many nuclear
apocalypse as it can handle in a row I
guess so Monty set them on a course for
a whole new planet you thought this show
was winding down but it's just getting
started now this isn't a random alien
planet it's planet Alpha which was
picked out because it should be
habitable by humans in fact a
colonization mission was sent here
before the original nuclear apocalypse
so there could be human life down here
unfortunately they can't scan the planet
cuz it's got a crazy temporal anomaly on
it so just like season 1 our gangs gotta
go down in person and explore a
potentially dangerous new world it's
like ok guys let's try not to cause a
nuclear apocalypse this time which is
Clark's motto for the season let's do
better they immediately don't do better
though in fact Murphy does exactly what
they did in season 1 and jumps right
into the water throwing caution to the
wind luckily though it seems totally
fine and there's not even a mutant snake
monster this time that night though
there is a swarm of killer bugs our
crews running towards the original
colonization begin but oh who this guy
gets hit by a force field thing Clarke
sees it's a radiation shield and thinks
with her night blood she should be able
to go through on harm she brings the
shield down long enough for her friends
to get inside safely unfortunately the
guy who went first is very much dying he
is the hot pilot guy that had just
started a romance with Raven in fact
just that morning they got it on this is
why you don't romance one of the main
characters cuz you gonna get killed off
anyway they find the human colony and
they've got a castle yeah they've got
this awesome city on a beautiful
mountaintop it looks like a nice happy
place but it is totally deserted Clarke
figures out just too late that's
something about the Eclipse drives
people crazy makes them attack each
other there were all these handcuffs
came to the wall they thought it was
some weird sex thing but no now they
realizes it's to protect yourselves from
the Eclipse
unfortunately they immediately fall for
the Eclipse loosen ations and unchain
each other so they're having a big brawl
in the town square
finally Clarke uses some sleeping gas
knocks them all out but the people who
live here are out of their eclipses
bunker they're led by Russell prime and
after some initial mistrust
turns out he's a real friendly dude they
call this place sanctum and it seems
like a paradise only one weird thing
though the leaders all assumed the names
of the original families that landed
here for instance this is Russell
Lightborn the seven they're called the
primes and it's a cult like religious
worship of them we call
so juice after Josephine Prime I would
be her name
hello be her name not everyone on
sanctum though believes in the divinity
of the primes the children of Gabriel
live out in the woods they ambush our
groups landing ship with knockout darts
and their motto is death to primes wait
a minute so this planet has a seemingly
wonderful but clearly secretly devious
civilization and a bunch of savage
forest people living outside its just
mount weather and the grounders all over
again
anyway they gotta rescue their people
and that's a job for Octavia yes
remember last season she was blood rain
of the cannibal gladiator queen so she
busts in there and slaughters these
children of Gabriel without even trying
to make peace first so Bellamy's like yo
sis if you aren't hashtag doing better
your hashtag banished
now flirting with one of the locals is
new addition to the group Jordan
remember he is Monty and Harper's son
that they had while everyone else was in
cryosleep they put him to sleep to when
he was about 20 so that he could join
the crew in season six
he immediately connects with this girl
Delilah who was in fact said to be one
of the primes tomorrow's her naming day
she's gonna be Priya the seventh so
Jordans about to go from first kiss to
losing his virginity in record time but
what's this oh she's hit with a stunning
dart the children of Gabriel are inside
the compound Clarke chases the kidnapper
down but during the fight her hands are
cut and Russell sees that she is the
night blood it turns out that's how they
decide who the next line of crimes will
be the black blood is royal blood here
so now that Clarke saved the day they're
all officially invited to stay except
for Colonel diosa
she was the badass leader of the
prisoner asteroid miners last season but
by the end they were on the same side
apparently she was a big-time terrorist
back in her day and her like we don't
want to sama bin Laden hanging out here
remember she's very pregnant though and
the primes come to her with a secret
deal if she kills Gabriel for them
they'll let her kid be raised in sanctum
she beats up with the also banished
Octavia and they join forces to go hunt
down Gabriel back in sanctum it is
Delilah's naming day she kisses Jordan
goodbye and goes to the sketchy backroom
she comes back out to Priya prime
seventh of her name and she's too cool
now for Jordan there's a big party that
night where Clarke dances with the hot
guy well Bellamy looks longingly from
the corner yes we still shift Bella
Clark which I call Clark amine but
Bellamy is still dating echo and they're
very much in love so Clark goes back to
this guy's place but oh he hits her with
a sleeping Dart
yeah he's with the children of Gabriel
he's like trust me we're the good guys
but before he can explain the guards
find him and he's got off himself so the
prime to bring a paralyzed Clark to the
sketchy back room where Russell's like
hey wife we can bring back our daughter
yeah they've got one of the computer
chip
plants just like the grounders flame and
it's like sorry about this Clarke cuz
when she wakes up after surgery it's not
Clarke
it's Josephine like born their daughter
yeah it's not just a naming ceremony the
probs are literally being resurrected by
body-snatching people it only works
though in night Bloods which are
extremely rare and that's why they
jumped on the chance when Clarke was
paralyzed in front of them but they have
a suspicion that more of the earth
people might be night Bloods so they're
sending Josephine undercover as Clarke
to find out immediately though Josephine
sees him sneaking off Jordan went to
Delilah but she didn't remember him at
all so he convinced the guys to do some
digging long story short they
immediately figure out everything back
when the first colonists landed here the
light boards were a happy family but
during the red Sun Eclipse Russell went
crazy and killed his own daughter
eventually he figured out he could bring
her back by putting her chip in other
people's bodies and the religious
worship the body-snatching just kind of
grew from there
Jordan tries to tell people the truth
but they're so brainwashed they can't
hear it they're like no no Delilah is
one with the primes now it's great soon
Josephine realizes she needs help if
she's gonna successfully pretend to be
Clarke she singles out John Murphy as
the guy most likely to betray his
friends for his own personal gain she's
like yo Clarke's dead I'm Josephine
snatched her body but how would you like
to be immortal - there's a couple of
prime vacancies at the moment because
Josephine had some beef with the other
prime family then erased em so in
exchange for immortality Murphy gives
Josephine the Clark crash-course one big
problem though is that they all speak
grounder which is a completely nonsense
made-up language I mean ice one day
would Bellamy pulls Clark aside for a
real heart-to-heart she's like you know
what forget this the jig's up knocks him
out at first Bellamy's plan is to kill
them all but he soon realizes that Clark
is gone killing them all won't bring her
back in fact a big fight will just get
more of his people killed the best thing
he can do is just let Clark go
Bhatti's Clark truly gone no she's still
alive in there apparently she has a
neural mesh in her head back from the
Alley days and her mind was able to back
up on that it's all big science don't
think about it too hard so the next day
Bellamy notices Josefina inadvertently
tapping Morse code on her arm yeah Clark
still alive
Murphy meanwhile goes to his girlfriend
Amar'e and gets down on one knee but
that's not a ring it's a mines drive
he's like yeah girl you want to be a
mortal with me she's like sure yeah that
sounds fun but so Josephine comes to him
like hey there's been a complication
your friend Clark is still stuck in my
head I need your help to get her out now
making the best of the situation if
Clark's already dead is a lot different
than actively killing Clark so Mari
cracks and makes a plan with the gang to
lure Josephine out to the edge where
long story short shut down the barrier
they're gonna drag her out to the woods
to see if Gabriel can help get their
friend Clark back now Gabriel was one of
the original primes in fact he and
Josephine were lovers but apparently
after a while he felt bad about the
body-snatching and started the children
of Gabriel revolution Octavia and diosa
are chasing one down but he leads them
into some quicksand he's like hey I'm
not the bad guy here he leaves them
there to cool off for a bit but then a
temporal flare is coming yeah it's
related to the temporal anomaly here at
this plant it's crazy
feels like a safety but Octavia's gotta
just dunk her head under and ride it out
it works she's actually mostly fine
except for an oval ugly which hand now
this guy's gonna help him out but he
also sees his implants car realizes he
is V Gabriel he's like yeah hey body
snatching told him not to resurrect me
again but they did anyway
shoot me if you want to otherwise come
with me to help heal Octavia's arm he
brings them to the temporal anomaly
being this close to it gives you
hallucinations diosa for example sees
her future daughter it's like hey by the
way no one who's ever gone in there has
come back out but Diaz is like yo I'm
going to see what's up Octavia is like
Yolo and poof she's in there too but
like three seconds later
Octavia runs back out her arm is totally
healed but she has no memory of what
happened so to help her unlock her
memory
Gabriel gives her a hallucinogen she's
back in the bunker and comes
face-to-face with her dark alter-ego
blood Reina they have a big old fight
and Octavia kills her evil self
squeezing an entire Redemption arc until
one hallucination now remember Maddie
Clark's adopted daughter who last season
took the flame and became a true
commander the flame is its own type of
mind drive it holds the memories of all
previous commanders but you've got to
watch out for the dark commander shade
hey des right around then though Maddie
learns that the primes killed Clark so
she's like shade hey des teach me the
ways of the dark side so Maddie starts
killing primes next on our list is Priya
but Jordan thinks that Delilah is still
in there so I'll jumps in front of the
blade also earlier undercover Josephine
talked to Clark's mom Abby her mission
the season has been to heal Marcus Kane
who was greatly injured at the end of
season five his wounds are too severe
though she can't save him so she puts
him back on ice till she can come up
with the solution while she's talking to
faith Clarke about it she mentions how
she synthetically made Clark a knight
blood Josephine's like what jackpot that
way we can make as many hosts as we want
so I he makes a deal with the primes in
exchange for the knight blood formula
they'll give her our minds drive and a
willing host to resurrect her lover
Marcus
so Marcus Kane's back to life with a
brand new rocking bod
like hell yeah this is awesome until he
finds out he basically killed this
person install his body canes not okay
with that so he wakes up his grounder
pal Indra who helps him take the ship
and steal the night blood formula which
he takes with him into the airlock they
show his real face for his tearful
goodbye with Abby it's like baby I love
you but I'm not gonna be a Body Snatcher
you gotta let me go and so he floats
himself oh oh
but the second time Abby watches the man
she loves flying up into space that
rough so now the primes meet up like hey
we've lost the night plan formula plus
the little girl killed someone and
Josephine's been kidnapped to make
matters worse their own people are
starting to wake up realize the primes
are using them and this guy Oh tabs
Russell's wife that's the last straw no
more mr. nice Russell he's gonna burn
all the earth people at the stake Murphy
doesn't want to die though he's like
wait can't we make more night blood
serum if we use bone marrow I don't know
would that work it's fake science don't
think too hard about it so he lets him
live for now he just burns this one guy
cuz I mean he's already set up the pyres
long story short Bellamy and Clarke make
it to Gabriel Josephine still in there
like hey baby I love you like let's be
together
Gabriel's like no Joe we had our time
I'm not letting you snatch any more
bodies and he takes her mind drive out
but in Clarke's mind space Josephine
still there and oh kills Clark Clark you
can't die you and Bellamy still need to
get together in the end so with the
power of Clark amis Schippers everywhere
Bellamy boom brings her back to life oh
my god it's really happening these two
are gonna kiss but no they just hug it
out I mean honestly maybe it's been too
long at this point maybe they're better
as platonic friends what anyway they
make a plan to save sanctum which
involves Clark going back undercover
pretending to be Josephine inside
they're draining Maddie's bone marrow
Russell's like hey we need more we're
bringing back all the primes tonight
taking more from Maddie would kill her
so Abby makes herself a knight blood so
she can give the doses so it's about to
be a glorious day for sanctum as all the
primes getting resurrected including the
two new primes Murphy and amore they're
pretending to be two of the original
erased primes unfortunately they were
brother and sister
but another new prime tonight who's not
pretending he's Clark's mom Abby yeah
now that she's a knight blood they
decided to use her body for Josephine's
mom and it's a sick family reunion as
Clark's gotta pretend to be happy to see
the woman who snatched her real mom's
body but just then the plan goes in
action the shield comes down army rushes
in Bellamy had
crowd at the hard truth bomb your
religions a lie your gods are fake so
Russell's got a pullout The Adjustment
protocol it is Eclipse gas which drives
everyone crazy
actually it's a modified version which
makes the true believers target the
heretics the primes are gonna wait this
out up in space but Murphy's had a
change of heart
screw you Josephine we're staying here
to protect our friends so finally Clarke
can reveal that it's her I'm proud of
you Murphy he's like yeah I might be a
selfish snake but I'm are selfish snake
our cruise captured being forced to
accept the divinity of the primes and
drink the blood of sanctum which is
basically brainwashed juice but Murphy
and Amar'e walk in like hey what's up
yeah we're the primes we've got a
special use for these earth people we're
just gonna take him on out of here
but Murphy doesn't actually have his
primes memories including some important
facts like he's gay and this is his
boyfriend
so they suspect something's up and when
Murphy goes back in there they seal the
doors gonna burn the heretics it's a big
old fight basically playing keep-away
with the fire finally this priestess
lights herself on fire but Octavia
boo-boom body tackles her so everyone's
okay except Octavius jacket in fact
that's the first time she's taking it
off since the temporal anomaly she's got
a wild new back tattoo but more on that
later so up in space with some VIP
hostages the primes take the ship
there's talk of abandoning sanctum and
go into one of the other potentially
habitable planets but there's another
treasure on the ship the 200 people
still in cryo sleep they can super
easily wipe their minds and give them
night blood they've got like a thousand
years supply of hosts so klarka can't
stall him anymore the jig's up I'm not
Josephine they chase her to a corridor
where she's got the airlock button just
then Abby switches sides like yeah Clark
it's me a real mom I was pretending to
but it's very quickly apparent that
she's lying and Clark's got a boom thank
the airlock floating all the primes the
face of her mom holding on to her
Clark's gotta push it off float her own
mom Oh
hardcore Clark elsewhere Maddie is now
fully possessed by Shana they're trying
to hack him off of the flame but before
they can Russell comes and pulls the
plug he just saw Clark killed his whole
family so now he's gonna kill her as for
a revenge but this little girl starts
talking like a creepy grown man and he's
like who are you again she'd hate us
somehow convinces him to wake the
sleeping one crew who don't know any
better still unquestioningly follow
their commander to try to see Manny from
Shady Aida Clarke pulls a bold move
threatens to kill herself come on Maddie
I know
still in there and boom it works
Maddie's back Russell finds himself a
prisoner
this time they successfully take shade
hey des off the flame and then take the
flame out of Maddie but before they can
delete them shade hey des uploads
himself somewhere how'd he do that
where'd he go that's a problem for next
season for now our gang has saved
sanctum except like half of them are
dead at least we didn't cause a nuclear
apocalypse I say we did pretty good
Jordan survived he's okay except he did
drink the brain wash juice so watch out
for that then Gabriel's like hey let me
show you what's up with Octavius tattoo
he brings them to the anomaly stone this
crazy floating thing he's been studying
it for 200 years with no success but the
markings on it are the same ones as on
Octavia's back and Octavius tattoo has
some of them highlighted so if they
pressed them all something might happen
oh the anomalies expanding maybe I spoke
too soon about not causing the nuclear
apocalypse but no this is something
different and coming into their tent is
a random new girl
Octavia recognizes her that is hope
diosa Dioses grown-up daughter what how
long were they in that anomaly anyway
they were friends so she goes in for a
hug but not a hug a stab oh what a Mia
and immediately the green flame boom
boom disappears err what the heck is
going on here find out on season seven
of the hundred hit that subscribe button
for more of the fest recaps of TV and
movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion